building a billion dooll B2B
[Music]
brand welcome back to a fresh episode of
Breaking
bb.com I'm your host Sam Dunning and if
you want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying each and every fresh podcast
episode what's actually working today in
B2B marketing driving demand and inbound
then check out our weekday newsletter
over at breaking
bb.com so today got a special guest
joining me it's actually the Third
Edition from Chile Piper we've got Alina
vanderberg Alina is the co-founder and
co- CEO over at chili Piper we be
talking about what building a billion
dollar B2B brand involves the importance
of brand in 2024 and Beyond why chili
Piper have gone so big on brand what you
should prioritize a small marketing team
as chili Piper have only currently got
three folks in that marketing setup how
it impacts inbounds and revenues and the
ups and downs of scaling to that kind of
size with that Alina welcome to the show
how we doing I'm loving spending my
first hour of the Monday with you very
excited I think that's the nicest
compliment everyone's anyone's ever give
me on this show so I'll take what I can
get so looking forward to to diving in
Alina we never beat around the bush on
this show we always get as actionable as
possible as quick as we can so with that
said 2024 and Beyond what do you believe
is the importance of building a
brand I'm um went down a rabbit hole in
the past year with
uh all the things AI uh building uh
autonomous AI Bots um using it for
answering all my to questions which are
never ending they always want to know
about how uh everything is formed and
how life exists I'm I'm very excited
about AI in general about the things
that it can help us with and
um I'm also observing that as we're
transitioning to AI helping us better be
better humans there's going to be a lot
of trial and error and right now on the
error side we're all inundated by so
many things things in our social feed in
our email um in the news uh everybody
can create content faster and better but
as um we're limited in our capacity to
process it all um we are becoming
overwhelmed
and in that transition where as humans
become overwhelmed there there there's a
lot on on in the background of this
especially in us um like
um mental health is taking a priority if
you look more and more on social media
uh influencers are talking a lot more
about um trauma and and overwhelm and
burnout which is which is healthy that
that people feel comfortable talking
about it um and as a result I think
that communities will start
focusing back to the basics which is
getting back together in person um my
micro communities microl local
communities uh that feel passionate
about certain topics so I am a lot more
bullish than I've ever been on um in
person uh even though I I I run a
company that's all remote um I I feel
that's
the what we're going to get back to
which I'm excited
about got it so is do you feel that
iners events communities and that kind
of stuff is is Big when it terms to the
brand side of things is that like a big
proponent of what working right now very
accurate yeah that that's my main focus
I I have other focuses but this would be
my main one yeah and what's what's made
you come to that
conclusion so I've been uh running a
remote comp company for almost nine
years now and we're in 40 countries and
we've learned to work very well remotely
um we can do a lot of async work on
decision- making
on uh
updates
um and whenever we get in person there's
this energy that's palpable that's very
hard to Define I feel very lucky that I
can work from anywhere and everywhere
and I feel very lucky I can work with
people from such diverse
cultures um and at the same time I miss
that imperson connection and it happens
rare so I I I cherish it and I make the
most out of it um so we've been
every year we've been perfecting this
right kind of um energy to in person
remote in person remote um and I also
organize a lot of dinners and with my uh
with CMOS and c and CEOs and I observe
that when we're in person especially
when you're breaking bed bread so over
lunch over dinner um the kind of sharing
that happens the kind of learning that
happens is can't compare with any
comments on Reddit or any comments on
link lot more
beautiful got it okay interesting so and
is that even though that is such a on a
small scale do you believe the impact
that comes off the back of that is it's
kind of worthwhile for any kind of B2B
brand or is it because you've got to
this scale that now it's it's debatable
it's debatable so you can say well Alina
you
have I don't know 3 million uh reach on
on LinkedIn and uh it's a lot better
that you spend your energy there
um it's true that on digital the the
reach is greater but it's a lot less
deep right you can only uh share certain
parts of who you are and and there's
lack of of depth um because you can
share it in in video is is better so I'm
I'm really excited that you're producing
this podcast and video as well um
because you can see the uh body language
you can hear the intonation in the voice
so you you get more perspective but most
things that happen in social media is
text and and photo so you're missing the
depth of it um so as a result you're not
as um you don't have as good
understanding of your ICP you don't have
a good understanding of your team
whereas when you meet in person you do
and I don't know why humans have this
extra layer of perception in
person it's beyond what my bra brain can
comprehend
but it's just very different and
um I'm observing that the impact is
greater in person um we meet with all
sorts of people on an ongoing basis some
people that might be influencers in our
space some people that might be um
holding a lot of interesting experiments
or a lot of interesting work that
they're doing so we tend to I tend to be
surrounded by people that are
exceptional and I feel very grateful for
that so I feel like the impact the
combination of impact of in person and
digital is is the best of both worlds
got it got it so your last evaluation at
chili Piper was 700 mil if I'm right and
you're scaling at the moment with a goal
to go one bill and
Beyond I'm guessing the focus wasn't
always on brand initially when you folks
started out did is that fair to say or
was was that always in the back of your
mind when you when you and Nicholas were
first building the company so this is my
first uh company I'm the technical
co-founder um at the beginning I was
obviously a lot more focused on the
product front making sure that the
product experience is the right one and
people can feel excited about going
through the Journey and share with
others their results and and and their
uh experience with it uh my co-founder
has a very different experience than me
he's gone through many startups and he's
gone through a lot of economic downturns
and
um together we had this belief that
what's really
important um is to create the kind of
culture where people can Thrive the most
including ourselves and including every
everybody else we bring on board so we
become very intentional about the values
we become very intentional from day zero
on who we bring on board to make sure
that we have most
impact um and I I believe that culture
is
probably 40 to
50% uh the work that needs to be done in
order for brand to succeed um and as
we're all inundated with information and
with apps and with so many tools brand
still has um the ability to make people
to um make choices over your name over
others because they know that there will
be less peer pressure when they will
make a decision to buy your tool over
others
H so cultes 40 to 50% what would you say
as the remainder H it's doing the right
things in the product to make sure that
the experience is right and that the
sharing with others is is uh the right
way to go um is how to train especially
your marketers to um craft the right
kind of attention and messaging around
the things that you care about to make
sure that your target audience take
action um but even the training I think
is highly correlated with with how your
culture is is uh structure how your code
of culture is is
uh comes about
um there there there's are some visual
components to Brand as well making sure
that the visual Association is is
correct um that there's a certain
emotion that gets distilled to the
visual representation so that's a a part
of it as well and obviously
the the culture and and the product are
the remaining pieces got it got it so I
mean these days when you think of
calendar scheduling along with a couple
other brands chili pip is is up there as
as a name that comes to mind I'd imagine
for most in B2B Tech that are familiar
with calendar scheduling software in
general but was that was that kind of
the the plan from from the early days or
was the early days more let's build a
break great product let's try and get
some customers on board and let's kind
of see what works see what aspects of
the product are are getting uptake and
then go from there or was it always we
want to be known in the B2B space we
want to be the go-to the calendar
scheduling C calendar booking or was the
thought process a little bit
different
um I'm talking to a lot of Founders
these days and what I'm realizing is
that when we look back to the path that
we took we always think oh we always
thought about it this way but the
reality is that uh it's the environment
it's the ecosystem that drives Us One
Direction versus the other I did not
think that I will ever uh be associated
with scheduling um it actually happened
by chance and while we benefit from it
because a lot of people who are um
talking to many cool companies they see
our brand in it they say power by chili
Piper and they book meetings by it and
they see a reminder by us
um it does help that that we're we're
being seen in all these places it's
actually not our main value proposition
so we don't want people to think of us
when uh necessarily when it's all about
scheduling we want people to think of us
when um they think about operating more
efficiently in their GTM team to convert
more um to bring more demand in to
convert more demand to cre get more
pipeline so it comes with pros and cons
that I'm seeing being seen as um
scheduling company um again I appreciate
that they're they're being exposed to
our brand but it skews the messaging and
it skews the perception um so I did not
intend it no it helps but I did not
intend it so the market kind of the
market came to that conclusion I guess
you're trying to shift away from that at
the moment right because chili Piper
basically didn't you post you're working
on something right now where you're kind
of Shifting the way the the business
model right yeah we just announced
something like 20 days ago we had a big
launch um we
uh looked at our platform we gave it a
name names are always hard to grasp but
uh the name that felt best uh propor to
what we do is demand conversion platform
um was a fun launch uh we we got a lot
of cool people helping us in the process
um it's interesting because even though
people mostly associate us with uh when
you're on a B2B website there's a
contact us form and if you want to talk
to the right uh rep in the company if
you're qualified that's when you're
bringing chili peiper and you can double
your conversion rates um the reality is
that once we get inside of um the
companies that we work with there are a
lot more conversion touch points uh
whether it's around gifting whether it's
uh their G2 listing whether it's around
uh transferring their um customers to
customer successful on boarding or cross
with your account managers in app or
their Dem their also nurture campaigns
that can yeld to pipeline so there are
like so many other touch points but it's
just so complex to understand our our
brain is
um has uh short attention span so these
kind of concepts are hard to grab and
even our title is hard to Gras so my
hope is that
um people can just think about it I can
think about chili pepper whenever they
want to become more efficient and more
effective in their uh in their goto
Market it's it's it's a process and we
have to repeat and repeat as marketers
until we blew in the
face got it let's let's shift gears a
bit so let's talk about your marketing
team right now it's only three and you
were acting CMO for over a year
right I just finished my stint as a CMO
in February 2024 acting CMO got it so
what what do you think has has been the
the main Secrets the main growth levers
because as far as I know just three in a
company a marketing team of three in a
company that's kind of grown to your
scale is pretty rare I know companies
that are a lot smaller that have a lot
larger marketing team in general so I
guess what first and foremost why have
you kept it so lean and we can dive into
kind of some of the growth leaders that
you've pulled to hit the revenue at
right
now it's um it was an interesting path
because even though I'd spent a lot of
time with marketers in the past nine
years a lot of time especially with
demand gen marketers that are creating
podcasts and are creating thought
leadership content on
social I didn't feel like I can fully
feel their pains and could could TR
truly leave their pains unless I was
them
I've been building products for a long
time now like 20 years and for so many
personas in healthcare in in education
in um
finance and I felt that the more
empathetic I was with my user the better
my product became and I was lucky many
of my products got keynoted by Steve
Jobs and got for instance at um Thompson
Reuters I got 30 million users at
Bloomberg I got 50 million users
um the more I understood myp the better
I became at my job and I don't think
there's anything that can really prepare
you for building something for your
users than being one and I was missing
that I I I've been always working as a
product manager as an engineering lead
as a ux Le and I didn't grasp fully what
it takes to be a marketer and I found it
one of the hard job I've ever
had there are different reasons for it
um the main one being that you have to
reinvent yourself every week you have to
come up with different ways to get
attention from the market every week
because whatever worked three months ago
doesn't work
anymore um and you have to be in as many
channels as possible you want to be as
effective as possible in reaching out
these people and because I have an very
engineering Focus mindset and because I
have a very impact driven mindset I
started focusing on the things that I
knew that we can calculate that have a
greater impact and especially around
the places where we could have most
impact yes we can be everywhere we can
be on X we can be on Instagram we can be
on Tik Tok we can be on LinkedIn
um we can be on on offline as well M but
the more you focus on the areas where
you know you can have your most impact
and the better you become at measuring
and being efficient efficient in
converting those
channels um the better your marketing
team becomes so I became obsessed with
impact measurement and the other thing
that I became obsessed with
is making sure that our team has the
right kind of skill sets to be able to
uh be effective at scale and and with
the right tools to convert that demand
because I I can't sell to marketers
without being really good at demand
capture and demand
conversion so with your product
background what made you decide to get
stuck into the marketing side of
things because you could have just hired
someone right I um observed that what I
was really good at was building products
that was my uh special kind of skill
that that
that we all have just one thing that
we're really good at and
my ability to build product and having
this engineering mindset I could have
applied it to anything I could have
applied it to Consumer products I could
have applied it to
um enterprise software products and I
felt personally that I was getting a lot
more joy in building enterprise software
because there's a lot more complexity in
buying in in group buying there's a lot
more complexity in how operations run
when it's a large company and when I
observe that that's where I'm most uh um
impactful I doubled down my skills on
Revenue teams because I was a
salesperson at some point in my career
and I now am a lot more custom of how
businesses work and how the operations
uh all the different parts of the
operations work but because I never gone
through marketing myself personally I
felt I needed to feel their pain truly
to be able to be a lot more effective of
building software for them and the
reality is that even though they're like
3,000 mtech tools and 3,000 reftech
tools
um the impact that they can get out of
these tools is minimal it's not like
you're 10 Xing yourself it's not like
you're all of a sudden making a huge
difference with uh that tool when you're
bringing it on board whereas with chili
paper from the early on and the reason
why we've managed to grow so fast is
because the ROI is a lot greater than
any other Tool uh they can see like
doubling of pipeline immediately in like
30 days
and I don't want to stop there I want to
have 10x impact with my tool and there
are a million ideas that I have in my
brain all the time on how we can do that
and and those kind of things get me very
excited and get very energized to do my
job so what was it like when you came
when you came on board on the marketing
side of things and we I'd like to dive
into how things were before and what you
changed but did you what did you do in
initially like what was the first thing
you do I know you said you you wanted to
be empathetic and really understand the
ICP did you do much in the way of
reviewing the current setup and then
bringing your own ideas and experiments
in or what was the approach that you
took and were things where were things
where you wanted them to be or was there
a lot that you thought oh God this isn't
right I need to kind of change and tweak
this quite a bit so my team is very uh
senior in their approach to marketing so
I didn't need to do much in in the
management of the team what I was really
focused was on learning and I started um
becoming part of every group every
Marketing Group you can think of I was
in the community reading the comments
reading the posts um in person at every
conference that you can think of um in
the audience uh to see what people talk
um behind closed doors and at happy
hours at happy hours you learn a lot um
so it just became a sponge in the past
in the first two uh quarters to truly
understand what they really care deeply
about what they get fired on why they
get fired why they get promoted um what
helps them get
um energize what help what drains them
um what kind of motions they do what
kind of activities what kind of
campaigns what are successful what are
the successful ones doing um so it was
mainly
sponge mode that uh and I feel very
grateful for having that because there's
nothing that prepares you
for what you're going to build next and
then Those Behind Closed Doors
conversations because on L you don't
really get the full conversation on
slack you don't get the full
conversation you don't get the emotions
behind the decisions it's
mostly when there's no one else
listening that you get the
truth so essentially you immersed
yourself and try to soak up as much
information as possible out the market
what's going on what the ICP is thinking
what they're planning what their ideas
are pain points goals jobs to be done
all that kind of good
stuff got it got it did you when you
were CMO did you kind of leave it to to
the rest of your team or did you
actively fire like fire up new ideas and
initiatives and strategies or like once
you've done that I had some
basic um strategies that I knew that are
going to work for us um so for instance
one thing that I remember very uh
vividly when I started um I realized
that as a
marketer the attention that you can get
is only based on a personal story
and that's a learning that I had by from
the beginning when we were bootstrapped
uh by always going in person at events
and telling my personal stories to the
people that I was meeting and the more I
shared about my struggles the more
people were willing to uh help and and
be part of our journey um and then I was
starting to observe in the b2c world
that the companies that were starting to
get a lot more uh fast growth on the
grounds were people that were um
utilizing the the power of the story you
can look at
um um I'm not necessarily a big fan but
I am a big fan of the marketing uh
campaigns which is uh Kyle what's her
name from from
Kardashians oh not Kylie Jenner Kylie
Jenner yeah yeah yeah that's the one
yeah so she's she done this amazing
business in uh in makeup um I don't
fully resonate because I'm I'm not big
into makeup I prefer to do my uh uh face
in like under three minutes um but
there's entire generation that uh
cares deeply about
uh how their appearance and and they
follow her as an icon and her sharing
her personal Journey has definitely
helped her build fast a business so I
learned a lot by watching them even
though I was not their Persona even
though I was not resonating and admiring
their tactics and the playbooks to
building such great companies so
fast with so low value in my opinion
because there's not a value that I have
if you had to name them what would you
say were some of the biggest growth
levers that marketing have pulled to get
chili pip it to where it is
today it goes back to what I said at the
beginning which is in person there's a
lot of in person touches that we have um
I encourage a lot of my employees to
meet as many people as possible in
within our ICP um and then um we make
quite a lot of noise noise on social the
right kind of noise
um grabbing attention of our ICP with
the our learnings we share a lot of our
learnings online we building public um
those are the two ones that have made
the biggest
difference and is inperson having quite
a decent dent in terms of the pipeline
that's coming off the back of it is it
something that's easily measurable or is
it something that you did initially and
thought I think we should do this but
I'm not sure if it's going to work but
yeah talk us through that uh when we
were boost strapped or way to 3 million
in AR uh most of our pipeline was built
in person we would just go to events
where our ICP was and have conversation
with people that would uh eventually
translate to pipeline it takes many
touches you have to be patient um but
every conversation matter every touch
Point matters and we're patient and
that's how we got to 3 million and we
continue to uh measure that and it
continues to have a big effect on our
pipeline
yes talk to me about the early days a
little bit because I think this is
something that doesn't get shared that
much in terms of the
nitty-gritty like I think this would be
good for not just marketers but anyone
that's aspiring to be a founder or has
got their own side hustle or something
planned up or cooking up on the side
when because bootstrapping to three
million AR is no joke that's that's
crazy if the fact that you were doing
that
from scaled well well beyond that now
but the fact you were doing that from
going to events talking to ICP then
getting the pipeline what what did that
actually look like like just talking to
folks and then saying we we've come up
with this concept and we've got this
problem that we're fixing like would you
be interesting to talk or talk me
through the process because I'll be
intrigued to know what that looked like
the reason why we managed to have as big
of an impact that we did at the
beginning and we continue to have is
that we're always focused on the nodes
in our ecosystem that have most
influence in our SCP meaning people that
are most respect in our industry so top
marketers and top Revenue leaders um
when we started we were targeting um uh
managers for sales development teams or
prospecting teams okay um at that time
it was mostly uh it was a lot of inbound
and outbound um head of sales and we've
always focused on those that were most
respected and you can tell which ones
are more most respected not by the
number of followers but by how they
manage to gravitate how they managed to
pull audiences in person um because they
have most learnings to be shared and
that was like a big Focus for me and my
co-founder and another big Focus was on
the players that were at the time a lot
more ad a lot more ahead than we were in
AR um and we always seek to make
connections with those players in in
Tech that we have integrated with or
start going uh having some Co common uh
playbooks together whether it would be
on social or blog post so we would
interview them or we would just seek to
learn from them to be able to pull
oursel up in in the process as well I
remember um when we started sales Loft
was one of the top players and um Kyle
Porter would be very good at um getting
a followers from getting followers from
our IC which was sales Dev um so we
started doing a lot of um fun um
activities with Kyle on social where we
would do some caricatures and some funny
takes on on Kyle um so any player in our
system that was good at ecosystem type
of growth we would associate ourselves
with and um that's how we looked a lot
bigger than we were in the early days so
you leverage spheres of influence sounds
like MH so you you went to the basically
best bang for your buck or most
influences within your target
markets and kind of Leverage those
audiences from there that's smart and
that's what we continue to do yes I
inter I interrupted you earlier when
when you were talking about kind of the
shift that you you've taken in person
what would you say as a percentage split
like in terms of your marketing spend
like how much of that percentage wise
you directing to inperson events opposed
to I don't know other channels be it
paid be it organic be it socials about
the third about about the third got it
and is the rest right now split amongst
the The Usual Suspects be it paid review
sites Google paid search social uh so
about third events about the third paage
and the third other third is split
between experiments that we do so new
things that we come up with um work that
we do with influencers
um a lot of campaigns to towards our
customers um all sorts of uh longtail
projects that we we concoct every
quarter talk talk to me more about your
thoughts on experimentation because I
know just before we hit record you said
that you posted on LinkedIn your entire
calendar for this week or this month
this week this pretty mental for a CEO
not something I usually
here so what's the Thought there and
what's what's your thoughts in general
towards experimentation in marketing and
growing a business I uh find that SAS
businesses are a lot harder to build
than any other type of business because
it's very easy to build a to copy a
product and in software especially these
days with AI um it's very easy to copy
content what's not easy is to copy the
thoughts behind creating that product or
thoughts behind creating that content
and in order to stay within the
constraints that you're being given by
the by your shareholders by by everybody
around you which is like always double
your revenues and have a certain ABA and
Rule of 40 blah blah blah um and those
constraints can only be met if you have
the right mind mind frame to be able to
uh thrive in them um and you can only be
especially because I've been in this for
a long time it's very easy to get tired
and as a Founder it's very easy to
um see as your best option an exit for
me an exit would be a failure like if
you ever see me selling to sales for
You' think Alina she gave up um I'm
finding that
I'm most happy at work when I'm
innovating when I'm finding that I'm
impactful on the actions that I have and
I hope that my entire team has the same
type of mindset where we're here to
learn we're here to become better human
beings to have an impact and that our
actions matter and because of that um
when we have our own when we do our
internal evaluations and assessments of
of our level and of our skills we take
into account impact especially impact
that comes from Innovation uh and as a
result we just do a lot of experiments
that are fun um and and from being fun
and impactful that's where you know that
you're not burning out and you're still
having fun and you're on the right path
I love it I love it I'm it's rare that I
speak to marketers or co-founders that
are this enthusiastic so it's I'm of a
very similar thing I'm constantly
thinking of different experiments or
ideas in which I can stand out so my
Marketplace is SEO right and a lot of
folks in the SEO space are super
technical whereas I'm almost like the
opposite so I'm more high level strategy
and a Content
background it's like for example anyone
that follows me on LinkedIn or these
shows has seen me walk around the
streets asking people questions around
SEO just to get the Public's reaction
and get unusual ideas and one in 10
people might know what works and might
even have a background in it but the
other folks are saying some some really
funny stuff but I'm a very similar kind
of mindset if there's a way that you can
do something like you said with your own
unique spin your own unique angle um a
new way to get a job done I think that's
that's really powerful what would you
say to anyone that kind of wants to take
a mindset or to put some budget towards
experimentation but it's perhaps
thinking that it's going to be a waste
of time or if they're a marketer perhaps
that they think they executing won't
sign it off like what's what's what's
any advice I suppose that you would give
someone to take more of this
approach I feel like uh I'm very
privileged to have the freedom to
experiment and I feel very fortunate
that I get the freedom
to
um build these things with my team who
and surround myself with the kind of
people that I love working
with uh if you're not the founder and
you don't have that privilege
um the most if I were if I were in
issues of of someone in that role the
most attention I would pay to is the
things that are
around my zone of Genius what are the
things that I can have most impact on
and the type of things that drain me I
would just delegate and within your zone
of
Genius understand whether your your
manager or the person typically you you
don't really have one manager even if
you're just reporting to one person
you'll have to um calibrate your impact
around other departments as well because
you want to be pulled with them
um is to make sure that before you join
a team there's alignment in them
understanding what you can be most
impactful on and their expectations
because none of us is perfect and
marketing is so complex and it can be
done in so many ways and different
people can excel in in in such diverse
tactics and campaigns is to make sure
that the things that you know most about
are aligned with uh how the company
wants to operate especially your manager
to feel there's alignment and Liberty
there to operate uh within your um Rules
of Engagement
because we feel happier when we have
freedom to be
um to to have impact on on the areas
that autonomous in the areas that we are
have most our zone of genius
and we want to
be in the company of people who
understand that understand that it's
impossible to be perfect across the
board
and they can be supportive of
that got it got it appreciate the
summary so before we wrap up I want to
take a little bit of a a shift to so
we've talk we've talked a lot about
what's going well talk a lot about the
growth of chili Piper and the focus on
brand in person but back in 2022 was
when you you had a financial evaluation
of close to a billion and then I know on
your LinkedIn it says immediately after
the valuations dropped to a third is
that exactly what went down but I'd be
interested to hear kind of how that
impacted business what that was like
from a stress load as a Founder a
co-founder co-o and how you have sprung
back from
that when uh so in in 2021 uh the
markets turned against all sales
businesses in the right way it it
created the right kind of incentives for
people to become a lot more um aligned
with being effective and and making sure
that they hire people that they can keep
employed and I think it created the
right Ripple effects but for me as a
Founder it was
probably the most challenging and
and it was one of the hardest period of
of my life because I have this illusion
and I still working with my coach on it
that I can keep um Everybody in the
company employed at all times not only
that but I can take care of everybody
and that's because of I was brought up
in Romania thinking that um as a big
sister I can take care of everybody uh
and I just felt that I failed them um
and again that's something that I still
work with in coaching to understand that
I have limied capacities and I can't
take care of everybody um but within
this illusion I really felt like a
failure um and then uh the the thing
that helped me get back on track is
understanding that I might have failed
one cohort but I was not failing the
cohort that stayed with me and giving um
my employees my best attention for
Success was What mattered and also it
taught me to not get En enamored with
valuation not get enamored with um the
wrong kind of metrics um but stay
focused on uh the
growth metrics of a company that keeps
it um sustain sustainable long term and
can create value long term which is the
right kind of mindset to cre a s company
so it it reseted me it was a hard reset
um but it was a good
reset no apprec appreciate you sharing I
appreciate you being so transparent
um for any any any uh similar Founders
perhaps that going through those kind of
times because it's not an easy World in
general in Tech especially if you've
perhaps not been hitting your numbers or
perhaps there's pressure from VCS or
whatever source of funding you've had or
even if you're bootstrapped um is there
any advice to that you'd give for anyone
that's perhaps feeling under it now that
there is light under light at the at the
end of the
tunnel the pressure is tough to handle
and especially for me uh as a Founder
it's even greater because I get pressure
from all possible sides from my board
for my team from my customers from my
Prospect so I've never felt as much
pressure as I do right now because the
bigger impact the more pressure there is
um and in order to say to stay focused
on the right things I have to make sure
that the strategies and the numbers that
I pick to to track and this the values
that I keep long term are the ones
that have most positive impact on those
around me um and I always look at what
actions can I take what impact can I
have on which numbers um it's very hard
because we feel a rush of enderin by
just checking boxes we feel a rush of
enderin by doing
right um to what our manager asks of us
or what board asks of
us yet I'm ruthless when it comes to
prioritizing my actions to make sure
that I have most impact based on the
things that I'm know that I'm good at to
affect the numbers that are longterm
it's hard for people to have the same
luxury as I do because I'm a Founder but
for for those that are in um within
companies um the alignment that they
have on with their managers to make sure
that at any point in time they can work
on the things that they can have in
Impact is so so
important so you're talking about kind
of daily non-negotiable activities that
have an impact on nor Northstar
metrics and it's so hard to pick the the
right ones it's so hard it's so tempting
to boil the ocean so
tempting is that what does it does do
those for you vary week in week out or
are there specific ones that you tend to
double down on
I see that it's most effective to
recalibrate every quarter about every
quarter or so it's if you pting daily
then then you're on the wrong
track I think I think that's good advice
in general though no matter what you do
because there's ups and downs no matter
what what part of the goto Market team
you are if you're you're on marketing
even if you're on the sales or if you're
a Founder but there's always going to be
ups and downs but like you said and this
is easier said than done if you focus on
those daily weekly monthly activities
that will have an impact whether that is
as like you said as an early stage
founder probably having more of a sales
Le approach and starting more
conversations and as you grow the team
that's going to change but if you know
what those are even when there are good
and bad days if you're still doing those
activities you know that will contribute
to the end result you want then you're
on a good path but I think it's more a
lot of people I speak to it's it's more
the mindset side of things that folks
strug struggle with kind of thinking
continuing at it continuing these daily
activities that aren't moving the needle
right now but in two weeks three weeks A
month's time they will I think that's
where a lot of folks
struggle it's h focusing on the things
that we can control and focusing on
longterm versus short term for sure yeah
yeah Alina want to thank you very much
for spending time with us for things are
so transparent and showing what's what's
working the hurdles and the ups and
Downs of chili Piper um so with that
we'll certainly link to the chili Piper
site below we'll link to your LinkedIn
is there anything else that we should be
sending our audience to no I spend most
of my uh time right now on LinkedIn
that's where I'm most
effective um and I always welcome
comments in my posts and things that
could help me get better and I always
post about my journey there um thank you
for inviting me it was a lot of fun
you're very welcome once again thanks
thanks very much and appreciate you the
audience for for tuning in and we shall
catch you on the next episode for more
nobs actionable B2B marketing stories to
grow bottom line grow your Revenue we'll
catch you on the next one
[Music]